my name is clarice may be and I am
art teacher and today I'll bring
for you so a little bit about the
lace paper working inside the
sciences the question also of the
asymmetries well when we speak in
Nothing, we 're talking about nothing.
activities in which the student will
develop creativity
queue and mainly and taste for art
We get a sheet fold the middle does.
small cuts always having a
adventure is certain that later we
can see how we have created
most interesting of the delegate is that he
be personalized because you
never give a ready shape when
Are you going to work with the student?
so the child can play
in the most different ways and will
also bring quiet tranquility and
exploring shapes and colors
What we are going to do first is the paper
of a symmetry data that we call
bilateral symmetry that when you
has only the middle with two equal sides
here we have a kind of symmetry to
second the symmetry that I'm going to show
For you, a lacy paper is the symmetry.
that is when we work the
from the middle of the folds
then you can fold circles
squares and rectangles
the sheet you have and you're going to leave
always from the middle that is our ray
so here you go to work the way
that you prefer doing the same thing
covering shapes through the cutout I
I prefer not to use drawings with pencil I
I think the only creation and the surprise
then that works the radial symmetry
always remembering that identifying one side
without a record that is one that does not leave
the parties separate then we can
put this in detail from posters of
decorate party cards
different shapes you can use
so here we have the radial symmetry
to put the role you are
when you do a light job then
Assembly
both radial symmetry about the
bilateral symmetry
they are decorative but if you work
the whole fine coordination exercise that
is very important, especially in
initial series
It's worth remembering that we can use
leftovers and xerox sheets for example ne
It was what you would put out then
Do you work there? You add a
sheet racing right verse you can
work with newspaper because the
thin sheet will always be easier
handling is one thing
extremely cheap and also the whole
space left over for example
here we made the square shape to
from the sheet
We also use nothing if we lose and the
student can use to decorate his notebook
make cards and right
Good today, this is what I had for
to teach you thank you very much